document kafka partitionLimitation parameter (#981)
kedacore/keda-docs: content/docs/2.8/scalers/apache-kafka.md

If 'false' (the default), the scaler will keep a single consumer for that partition. Otherwise ('true'), the consumers for that
partition will be scaled to zero. See the [discussion](https://github.com/kedacore/keda/issues/2612) about this parameter.
- `version` - Version of your Kafka brokers. See [samara](https://github.com/Shopify/sarama) version (Default: `1.0.0`, Optional)

> - `partitionLimitation` - Comma separated list of partition ids "x,y" and/or ranges "x-y". If set, the calculation of the lag will only take these ids into account.  (Default: empty, Optional ) 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- `partitionLimitation` - Comma separated list of partition ids to scope the scaling on. Allowed patterns are "x,y" and/or ranges "x-y". If set, the calculation of the lag will only take these ids into account.  (Default: All partitions, Optional) 
```
